how about friends how are they very good
days how pleasant it is to wake up and observe
that we are becoming more and more the members of
this channel and if you have not done it and you
please the channel please subscribe now
that surely more people
let's be part of the club there will be more
number of opinions regarding the
care and maintenance of the marine world
Today we have to thank Carlos
morals by sending your aquarium lives
in the state of veracruz and currently
is studying for technical in
aquaculture in high school and subsequently
for aquaculture engineer and we
says that it is the study of
aquatic organisms in an environment
controlled as for fish tanks ponds
for the purpose of reproduction and others
objectives tells us that since
has memory has always had fish tanks
of freshwater recently started with
marine aquariums did it with the foot
left since it started with a fish tank
of 14 liters and a tomato clown those who
we have aquariums we know in the problem
in which he got my recommendation for
marine aquariums has always been 100
liters onwards 100 liters for
small and resistant species like
they can be damsels clown fish
dartfish or cardinals for species
big and delicate I recommend aquariums
from 200 liters as they can
be surgeons crossbows angels
butterflies etc. currently counts
with a 180-liter tank with a
filtering equipment more complete its
filtering system is composed of
the zoom containing 200 sock
micron biospheres and a skimmer there
number of questions that we get the
social networks referring to whether the
zoom and the skimmer are indispensable my
answer has to be blunt to
that there is no doubt they are absolutely
indispensable in terms of lighting
has t5 tubes with white light and blue light
as for the inhabitants he has six
different species of fish has a
couple of clown fish tells us that
they are very calm and that only makes
some time one of them sick will be
inflamed one eye and had to take out and
medicate in a quarantine tank
has a butterfly that is very fickle and
the leader of the fish tank is believed to
It bothered others but
Now she is calmer and with him she is
very playful has a crossbow niger
that is very fast
to the degree of fighting for food battle
by feeding the anemone since the
crossbow removes the shrimp even the
crossbow is able to snatch the
shrimp from the hands of Carlos also
has a facebook tells us that it is one
of their spoiled the most peaceful not
he assaults no one and leads a life
quiet without any problem just one
once when he put the magnet for the first time
to clean the fish tank got scared a lot
It stuck in the side with a stone and
some scales were raised
shortly after healthy French angel and
yellow surgeon to them acquired them
not long ago in a expo called
aquamar that was made in the port in
which had the honor to participate as
exhibitor in the pelagic area
talking about the biology of
Sardines acquired them at a very good price
although at the beginning he had some
problems with feeding since not
they had appetite suffered a bit with this
he stimulated them with artemia algae lettuce and
thank god 'they both eat now very
well the anemone is a with the ctc
island feeds twice a week with
camera a raw crystal has a color
pink almost with the green tips of
feeding gives them appearance
in pellets flakes of two color tetra
times per day nori seaweed or lettuce each
third day something that happened to him was
that the screamer's bomb slipped
emptying the water from your filter and
flooding your room now imagine this
at four in the morning, well, I think
this to several people that we have
time in this we may sound familiar
Of course I have also seen in
early morning mopping my room and the
reasons can be infinite that start
from the breaking of a glass the leak
of a pipe or in the case of carlos
a badly placed bomb my question is
why the fuck does this have to happen to
midnight and good despite the
problems everything is going from strength to strength
thanks for the attention and I also
I thank you for sending your video
thanks for your comments and your good
wishes
today marine aquariums can boast that
already has a more future engineer member
in aquaculture thank you very much Carlos
thank you very much that you are seeing the
video and take up a bit of your valuable
time and if you like to like it you do not know
forget to follow us on social networks
club aquariums mx my name is jose luis
a greeting to then